Add additional measures for storing SSL certs (#2485)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deploying-a-custom-ssl-certificate-to-satellite-server.adoc

Use this procedure to configure your {ProjectServer} to use a custom SSL certificate signed by a Certificate Authority.
The `katello-certs-check` command validates the input certificate files and returns the commands necessary to deploy a custom SSL certificate to {ProjectServer}.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not store the SSL certificates or .tar bundles in `/tmp` or `/var/tmp` directory.
The operating system removes files from these directories periodically.

> As a result, the {foreman-installer} fails to execute while enabling features or upgrading the {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, `{foreman-installer}` fails to execute while enabling features or upgrading {ProjectServer}.
```

    --certs-update-server --certs-update-server-ca
----
endif::[]
+

> Note that you must not access or modify `/root/ssl-build`.s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not access or modify the contents of `/root/ssl-build`.
```

Reviewer 2: Also, you could consider making this [IMPORTANT].

Author: I had considered it but then we will have 3 important notes within the same chapter which I guess, is not good for a readability perspective. There are already 2.

> Note that you must not access or modify `/root/ssl-build`.s

Author: Oww gosh, my `Ctrl` key seems to be retired.

. From the output of the `katello-certs-check` command, depending on your requirements, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that installs a new {Project} with custom SSL certificates or updates certificates on a currently running {Project}.
+
If you are unsure which command to run, you can verify that {Project} is installed by checking if the file `/etc/foreman-installer/scenarios.d/.installed` exists.
If the file exists, run the second `{foreman-installer}` command that updates certificates.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
`{foreman-installer}` needs the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.
Do not modify or delete it.

> It is required, for example, when upgrading {ProjectServer}.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required, for example, when upgrading {ProjectServer}.
```

Author: Sorry for `Ctrl` key.

    --certs-update-server --certs-update-server-ca
----
endif::[]
+
Note that you must not access or modify `/root/ssl-build`.
ifdef::satellite[]
Contact Red Hat Support for further assistance.

> endif::[]

Reviewer 3: If this means assistance if individual accesses/modifies the said file, I would probably omit this since you specifically tell them not to do it. If they do then contacting support is imho implied and does not need to be mentioned explicitly.

Author: Right. I will convince to relevant team.

. From the output of the `katello-certs-check` command, depending on your requirements, enter the `{foreman-installer}` command that installs a new {Project} with custom SSL certificates or updates certificates on a currently running {Project}.
+
If you are unsure which command to run, you can verify that {Project} is installed by checking if the file `/etc/foreman-installer/scenarios.d/.installed` exists.
If the file exists, run the second `{foreman-installer}` command that updates certificates.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
Do not modify or delete the certificate archive file after you deploy the certificate.

> It is required, for example, when upgrading {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: Maybe also reword to "foreman-installer needs it" as above?

Author: Reworded :+1:
